README.md, before:

# Team Profile Generator
  
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)

  ## Description 
  In businesses there are going to be teams that will be assigned different tasks throughout the day. Even in schools, depending on the class, there may be group projects and being able to have a program that generates team profile with their information can be beneficial. To be able to build a program that allows me to test the skills I have learned so far has been good. It is always good to push ourselves and see what we can come up with. I learned how to write tests, put together a library and use object oriented programming. 

  ## Table of Contents (Optional)
  [Description](#description)

  [Installation](#installation)

  [Usage](#usage)

  [License](#license)

  [Contribution](#contribution)

  [Tests](#tests)

  [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  The user will need to input npm init -y, press enter, then input npm i inquirer@8.2.4. User will also need to input npm i jest and press enter.  

  ## Usage
  The user will input Node index.js and answer the questions when prompted to be able to build the team profiles.

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen) <br/>
  This application is under the MIT

  ## Contribution
  I have attached a link https://github.blog/2012-09-17-contributing-guidelines/ in regards to contribution guidelines.

  ## Tests
  By inputting Node index.js, answering the prompts will allow the user to see if the program is running correctly or if there are any errors.

  ## Questions
  Where do you go to download Jest?
  <br/>
  If you have any questions, you can reach me at (https://github.com/aldoibuado) and or at email adresss aldo.ibuado@gmail.com <br/>

Commit message:

added link to video displaying how app works in README

README.md, after:

# Team Profile Generator
  
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)

  ## Description 
  In businesses there are going to be teams that will be assigned different tasks throughout the day. Even in schools, depending on the class, there may be group projects and being able to have a program that generates team profile with their information can be beneficial. To be able to build a program that allows me to test the skills I have learned so far has been good. It is always good to push ourselves and see what we can come up with. I learned how to write tests, put together a library and use object oriented programming. 

  ## Table of Contents (Optional)
  [Description](#description)

  [Installation](#installation)

  [Usage](#usage)

  [License](#license)

  [Contribution](#contribution)

  [Tests](#tests)

  [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  The user will need to input npm init -y, press enter, then input npm i inquirer@8.2.4. User will also need to input npm i jest and press enter.  

  ## Usage
  The user will input Node index.js and answer the questions when prompted to be able to build the team profiles.
  Here is a link https://youtu.be/BIgFkjxxog8 that displays how the application functions.

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen) <br/>
  This application is under the MIT

  ## Contribution
  I have attached a link https://github.blog/2012-09-17-contributing-guidelines/ in regards to contribution guidelines.

  ## Tests
  By inputting Node index.js, answering the prompts will allow the user to see if the program is running correctly or if there are any errors.

  ## Questions
  Where do you go to download Jest?
  <br/>
  If you have any questions, you can reach me at (https://github.com/aldoibuado) and or at email adresss aldo.ibuado@gmail.com <br/>
